the roof of this building in jabalia
collapsed after an Israeli air
strike rescue workers rushed in trying
to resuscitate the people trapped
inside the house was destroyed on top of
the heads of the people living there our
team is trying to recover the bodies
with tools simple tools which are the
only ones they have to try and get them
out from under the rubble of the house
fighting in jabalia has intens IED in
the past 10
days people are helping out whichever
way they can with the cleanup and with
the
injured we came out running and found
dismembered heads on the streets I found
a small child who was injured and I ran
with him to come adwan hospital I didn't
wait for the ambulances on the
way in the South Rafa Remains the last
City in Gaza where Israel hasn't yet
launched a fullscale offensive more than
a million people remain there with
nowhere to
go Israeli strikes on Monday hit several
residential
areas talk of safe places are lies the
number of strikes on safe places is the
same as the places that are under
military
operations Israel plans to expand its
operation in Rafa despite International
warnings including from the US that it
would be disastrous for the thousands of
civilians there toet meet you medeno Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer